Stay on the beat!
Hello white people!
With almost no censored rhythm
from Hollywood, California
Harmontown is now in session!
Spencer Crittenden
Spencer
The mayor of Harmontown
Dan Harmon
Hello!
Thank you, thank you very much.
I was just watching Lady Gaga's half-time thing.
It's pretty awesome.
I risk nothing by saying I admire Lady Gaga.
No one's going to boo me for saying that.
Well, one person wants to be special.
That's more just you cheering yourself.
Cheering narcissism.
I'm not your average fan!
People on Twitter are always tweeting at me
and going like,
I know you won't say anything
unless I say something negative.
So fuck you!
Just kidding, I love your work.
You're not wrong, but I black people that do that
because I'm just like,
fuck you, then you're worse.
You're worse than bad people.
If you truly love me,
you should accept my laziness.
You should be my codependent lover.
You should just support me.
And my good mood should be your good mood.
You should need anything from me.
Or I'm out the door!
And you know that about me.
You've learned that about me.
You've put up with four years of abuse.
You've lied to doctors for me.
Too soon.
And 60,000 years of misogyny.
What was it that struck you positively
about Lady Gaga?
Well, first of all, her fucking,
not only her wire work in general,
but as a decision is always in a me.
I admire anyone who chooses wire work.
From Garth Brooks to Beyonce to anybody.
If you say, bring out wires,
I'm already on your side.
I'm not going to side with gravity.
I don't hope you fall and hurt yourself.
I admire you, and I wouldn't be willing to do it.
But then, having chosen wires,
she didn't just,
as you know, I've been in the shit.
I was at Radio City Music Hall.
I wrote for the 2006 VMAs.
Beyonce, queen me,
she came plummeted down on some fucking wires.
I watched her rehearse.
She's a pro.
Studdingly gorgeous, amazing woman.
Great wire work.
She's great.
But Lady Gaga, so many years later,
starts at the top of the stadium.
She jumped off a regular person.
But then it cut wide,
and she was doing this Spider-Man jiggle
on the way down.
And I thought that was a cool thing to commit to.
Here's what I liked about Lady Gaga's performance.
She did everything that I would do
if I was in wires.
I would also do that on the way down,
because I'd be like a little spider.
She didn't try to act like it's natural
that she's like Helen Slater and Supergirl.
I want to give some props to the people
that created that rig, because those harnesses,
she was wearing a very small, skimpy outfit.
She has a very tiny rig underneath that,
and that's not comfortable.
For that to work, it's tighter than you want it to be,
for that to be a safe mechanism.
She committed to lip-syncing a whole thing,
but there's no way to sing when you have that thing on you,
because she's wearing a girdle made of girdles.
She took your lover, your life partner,
your S.O. church,
we were watching in the green room,
and she really successfully took a Supergirl halftime
and made it look like one of her videos,
which is a huge feat for the whole team.
I thought it looked wonderful.
I don't understand what was Neil Patrick Harris
trying to tweet when he said he was gagging
over her halftime show, because she's the best.
Did he mean to say gagaing?
Or is this new slang from the streets
that I got to catch up to?
Man, I was gagging.
You're amazing.
Your haircut's making me gag.
What? Fuck you!
Gotcha, it's the future.
Now, is Enti here today?
Enti Kwaku, he tweeted,
he goes, I actually really like that.
He was down for that. He thought that was super cool.
But I think more importantly than Lady Gaga's performance,
I think it's time to have a good old fashioned sports corner.
Well, Jeff, I gotta tell you, I mean...
So, where do I start?
The fact that the Falcons lost a 25 point lead
in the second half of the game?
Oh shit!
Wait, this is the first Super Bowl in history
that was won in overtime?
This guy did homework.
Yeah, because I was looking for Lady Gaga's video.
I got spoiled.
Aside from Tom Brady, name one other player.
Bill Bilicheck.
Because I also saw Richard Spencer's tweet.
Richard Spencer was given, he's now on Twitter,
he's like a racist gourmand.
He was like, I'm going for the Patriots
and he had a little checklist.
It was like Tom Brady and Bilicheck both support Trump.
More white receivers.
He had all the racial stats for the Patriots.
The only team with three white receivers?
Yeah, he loves how white the football team is.
But typically people who are giving you sports statistics
are helping you bet and win,
but he's just like, you know, my money's on the master race.
Smart money is not on Arians for athletics
since the 1936 Olympics.
It's like, it's never been.
We settled that a long time ago.
Steve Bannon looks like the time I tried to shave my sack.
And absolutely failed.
As I tweeted today, he looks just like Bilicheck.
They both wear the same headset.
Beards are in Steve Bannon.
You don't even have to look the way you do to grow on.
You should grow a beard.
That is uncomfortable, that face.
That is the face of someone who is proud of their race.
And he also has straight up like W.C. Fields gin blossoms.
His eyes are like, they're like welling with blood tears.
It's like the nerdy version of the Casino Royale bad guy.
Like he just has a blood stigmatism in both eyes.
He's a terrible writer, he's a terrible person.
And we got to get him out because he's going to fucking kill me.
I thought you were going to say, we got to get him on the show.
You saw the thing, I retweeted it.
And you guys hang on my every tweet.
And you re-hang on my every retweet.
He wrote a movie treatment.
He wanted to be, you know, he's like a hack that got a piece of Seinfeld somehow.
He's got points in Seinfeld.
He used to be in Hollywood before all of this happened.
Yeah, I think that's what gets my goat is that Trump and Bannon,
they both kind of represent the things I hate most about myself.
Like other people are like, Trump reminds me of my dad.
I'm like, my dad is way cooler than Donald Trump.
Like it's me, it's like who is this remind me of when Donald Trump tweets.
It's like, oh, it's me, it's me.
It's like all the things that make him a bad person.
But anyways, but Steve Bannon reminds me of the bad writer part of me.
Like there was some treatment that surfaced.
It's documentary style, of course, because hack, hackenstein.
There's like no narrative butt, nuts at all.
No narrative butts about, no narrative butts, no cuts, no narrative coconuts.
Push the structural button, pull the dialogue chain out, come chocolate, poo poo train.
Shoot your train.
All right, anyways.
There's a treatment and it's like, and he refers to Islamic fascism,
but he spells it facism.
What's the deal with this face?
Is that like a thing that was that like a British thing?
Because too many people are worried about facism.
Wait, are you telling me you can spell it that way?
I don't know, that's what I want to know.
It's so delicious that he just never looked up the word fascism.
Too many people are doing it, and I don't know.
I haven't bothered to look it up.
Has anyone seen it spelled facism in the audience?
I mean, is that like they spell favorite with a U?
That's what I'm wondering.
I don't think so.
I believe that many people are stupid, but it's just striking.
I don't understand, well, I don't know.
My favorite new thing is like all the like armchair electronic forensics
that go on like when Trump, when the sheet left off the,
it said that there was like the phone log of all the leaders Trump talked to,
and then it was like, president of Mexico, talk to him, president of whatever,
president, president of whatever.
And then it was like, it just said, talk to Australia or something like that.
And it didn't have the guy's name and it was, or did it say president of Australia
and then left it like that?
They did, at some point they had president there, yeah.
But they, yeah, somebody said like, oh, if you Google president in Australia,
there's no Wikipedia or Google hit that comes up, so they just left it blank.
I'm like, oh my God, I love the backtracking and realizing like what,
like that with unprecedented too.
I did the same thing, I typed in unprecedented and something came up that,
I can't remember, I remember you can realize like you can walk in the shoes
of stupid people and go like, oh my God, that's what happened
and they're running everything and it's amazing.
But it's, you know, yeah, yeah, you know, we're, it's getting normal.
We're normalizing, right?
That's what we're supposed to do.
No, it's getting totally normal.
Is there a William Ralph or Ralph William here in the crowd?
Woo! Is there?
Were your grandparents born here?
Get the fuck out!
Because we've got a new segment for our show!
Why did you want Ralph Lorenzo?
Is it William C. Ralph or Ralph C. William?
William C. Ralph.
Did you drop a credit card by any chance?
Well, I'm thinking you must, it's almost a guarantee now.
Would you happen to know the last two digits of it?
Seven.
Nope.
Is that Ralph, Ralph, Ralph Lorenzo's worst nemesis?
Like he's always trying to fool you.
And then Ralph or William, I have your card up here, you dropped it.
So if you want to come up and show me some idea, I'll give it back to you.
Nice.
Or I keep it, or I just announce, you have ten seconds before I read the entire four, eight,
eleven, that's not even.
Alright, Ralph is at the podium, he's showing the idea.
I like that we have like two-factor authentication here.
We had a guy lying to get on stage in San Francisco.
I don't trust these fuckers anymore.
What was the guy's name, Zane? That guy was a busy chef.
When he came up on stage, I missed the fact that he said to Dan and to the audience that
he had lied about being a Trump supporter to get on stage.
I'm so happy I didn't hear him say that, because I would have summarily thrown him out of the building.
His suicide thing notwithstanding, I still would have made a point of telling him to fuck straight off into the night.
You can't just lie to get up on stage.
We would prefer you did not do that.
I feel bad to make this guy show me ID to give him his credit card back, because I don't know what world we live in anymore.
That might have been Adam Goldberg wearing high heels to get up here and take this guy's credit card.
Oh, Adam, you're here? Oh, you son of a bitch. Adam Goldberg, everybody!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Well, that...
Is that the mad word?
That didn't...
No one to blame but yourself.
I just... I just beatled you up on stage.
He's three times more deadly than Beetlejuice.
Jesus Christ.
Why is it so terrifying that you're here of all times?
As the Patriots won.
And now you fucking, you New England asshole.
The Overdogs won and it feels so good.
I've been a Fairweather fan for 15 years.
I've watched a lot of Super Bowls.
I'm gonna hit your music cues so quick your head's gonna spin.
He has a music cue?
I'm gonna play a musical sting to get him off the stage at any moment.
I accept that dammit, please.
Let's reconnect, Adam. What's been going on with you since we last met?
I started a company. It's doing really well.
And I'm trying to start a political action committee with Spencer.
He started DMing me about a political action committee.
You responded.
Oh, wait, no!
This is about as far as we got.
I think this is more than we've talked about.
I think what he's saying is essentially technically accurate.
You guys are in direct contact with each other.
And it is an ongoing channel of communication.
We did talk about a thing.
We've elevated it now.
What's your philosophy about political action?
I mean, a lot of people, any port in a storm.
If you got ideas, I want to hear them.
I love that the America's premier Nazi is saying,
oh, it's white people who did it while the four catches were done by a Jewish guy in the end zone.
Like, are Jews white?
Did you just ignore my question?
That's my political...
You're just like, anyways, fuck off.
So here's my first bit.
You didn't even hear me.
I'm one of the hardcore people.
I went to a symposium on the letter from a Birmingham jail,
so I do have a nuanced opinion on this.
But I do believe you should...
I've always respected about you, Adam, as your nuance.
We all agree you can punch Nazis.
When they go low...
Whether that's helpful or not.
When they go low, you stomp on their Nazi skulls.
But that's not your committee's...
That's not what we're raising money for.
Can I punch up your slogan?
When they go low, we go hiya!
Mr. Jeff.
That bought me another 40-second censure.
He wants...
Jeff, he wants you in on this, by the way.
Count me...
In.
You're the political party animal.
Oh, yeah.
What's my...
What would my task be?
Shmoosin'.
I'm halfway there.
Jeff and I are officially patriots now.
We're men of political action.
We're going to use our weight privilege to help.
I'm a falcon.
Well, then, I'm wearing...
I outrank you. I'm a patriot.
Boo! I thought I'd get booze for that.
Patriots like the football team.
Patriots, Falcons like the football team.
Essentially the same joke Jeff was doing.
Oh, you're right.
Dude!
What is your action committee...
Wait, no, I can't stomp that.
Robert Kraft gave me that hat.
The names you drop hit the floor...
Like a...
Like a tarantula that's eating too much rice.
Like a tarantula that's notoriously explode
if they fall from higher than three feet.
They hit the ground like a Tom Brady pass
in the first half of the year.
The...
It's important...
We're coming into an age now.
There's this ground swell of political action,
which is fantastic, but with that comes
like anxiety about like,
okay, so now how do you tell
the brave souls that are
right-minded, that are going to make
good coordinators and whose cause is worth
congealing around
from the people that are just like,
Get ya hot dogs! Get ya
political action here!
Got a t-shirt with a phrase on it
and all the money goes to our meetings
and we're going to hang out and talk about action!
I want to tell everyone here
that there is a lot to do in your local community.
We see L.A.
as like this liberal bastion,
but we still, in California,
incarcerate more people than any other state.
We still have people being fined
and arrested for being late to public school
and we still have a lot of work that we can do here.
So yours is a local...
You want to focus on the local...
There's a swing district up in Palmdale
that we can turn to
a Democratic seat, but...
This is singing a tune that early on
in the early apocalypse, kind of like
doing kind of days.
This was the guiding light, although the really hard
to digest one,
because it just takes so much work,
but it's the idea of political parties
going back to being political parties
making Democrats be
in your local neighborhood
the reason why the burnt church gets repainted,
the reason why you have a blanket,
the reason why whatever
whatever shit goes down
have a...
even if it's a sub-faction of Democrats
talking about third-party stuff
which just feels like a fucking self-defeating thing
as a conversation, not as a solution,
but just as a conversation.
There are two parties and we have to work to...
We now know that those parties mean nothing.
We know that those parties are because
one was hacked and one almost splintered
and got beaten by the hacked one.
So that's actually
quote-unquote good news, is that the bipartisan system
actually got functionally jailbroken.
It got...
I think that can be a really good thing
because the Democratic Party could actually be
simply as the Republican one was
it's ready to be thrown.
And I think it's a primitive thing
to think about, oh, where's my
big strong hero leader
that's gonna represent
all these things like if the Democrats now could
rise up as the Borg Cube that they are
and take over the Democratic Party
as a Borg Cube and say, no,
we're the fucking Democrats. We represent the majority.
You can't beat us.
We're a fucking credit union, politically.
We've got experts on the ecology.
We've got experts on equality, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, we have to technically
have a presidential candidate, but
they're nothing.
They're a civil servant.
We tested them like an astronaut
to see if they could
legalize abortion in zero gravity.
And...
It makes aftercare easier for the procedure.
But anyways, anyways,
I'm jumping...
But that sounds like a good start.
I'm glad you're thinking about local stuff.
That seems like a good idea.
If that could shoot spores out
to other districts that are
maybe technically red because of
10 people or 20...
And then take those over with action
that's just like, well, I'll be darned.
These people care.
They're not just playing a game of chess
against a red team.
I would make the point that the idea
is that made the Democratic Party so
formidable between, I'd say,
1920 and 1960
were ideas that America
is still interested in. The idea of
fair wages for fair work, the idea of
environmental protection, the idea of
strong banking laws that protect the little people.
But this goes back to an idea
you've always had, and when I explain it to lift drivers
because those poor people...
I always go back to your quote.
That's step four of the plan.
Step four is the lift driver.
Talk to your lift driver. It works.
They are all woke.
But it goes back to your idea that power
corrupts not when you have it, but because
you want it. And in the
70s, a lot of people came in after
Watergate and said, all government is corrupt.
We need to get rid of everyone who's been here
more than 10 years. A lot of those people got
kicked out were people who fought big banks
during the Great Depression.
So you can overclean
house. You can get rid of allies because
they don't agree with you on all issues.
There are some things we shouldn't
collaborate on.
There are some things we should stand firm on.
But there's a great
number of people who want to hear our message.
There are a great number of people who
haven't heard the message but would be
amenable. And there's a great amount of people
who not didn't vote because they didn't care
but didn't vote because they couldn't leave work
or whose votes weren't counted or
weren't able to see themselves
in the process after what's happening to them.
They're neoliberalism.
These people... This is the first time
you've ever gotten applause.
Four years of our show.
I did once in Adam versus Spencer, I think.
Spencer, what is your relationship with
Adam in this whole thing?
When did you guys become one of your dams?
As we said, he DMed me about
this idea.
Yeah. And now he's here.
I would have typed it out more
but I've been having carpal tunnel issues.
My question is, if I didn't accidentally...
I didn't know that you were here tonight. If I didn't
accidentally conjure your name up, would you
still have made your way on stage tonight, wouldn't you?
You would have found a way.
The dark magics are powerful.
This is adult Adam.
We gotta remember, our podcast has been going on
for like five years.
Adam's like 28 now.
Yeah.
He's growing.
No, I've had a curse of this, but a lot of it was
me being a lowly underemployed Hollywood person.
He's like, if I could get a writer's shop on community
all my problems would be solved
and I would be likable.
It wasn't the case.
Yeah.
That was your angle in the beginning?
You can get the top writing job at
community and go forever unlikable.
There's no likeability.
Why don't you just hire him right now
as head writer on community?
Finally, I can say
yes, I am Adam F. Goldberg.
I did produce it.
Adam, for those of us that did
smatter that applause and
you're thinking locally
and what could be more foolproof
because even if it turns out
to not be the way
to turn the whole world the other
direction, you still
as a loser will have
helped the world
that's real around you.
I am adding my smatter to
that smatter applause.
I appreciate that.
How do people that agree,
okay, I could use some direction
and something to do on Sunday or whatever.
How do we find your...
If you're hardcore into wanting to organize
other people, the SDS
is always trying to find new members
because we're Democratic socialists today.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's our cheer.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
We got to have a member of the Sioux Nation back there.
And remember what color Fat Albert
sweater was?
What were you yelling about, sir?
Oh, okay, okay.
You're just yelling about Democratic socialists.
That really what he was right, that's your cry.
Okay, that's your hua.
Hey, hey, hey.
All right, so, but
your organization, you have nothing to plug yet.
No, no, okay, fine.
So we sign up to be socialists.
Just really, Milly.
If you Google Democratic Party
or whatever party you're in, in your local area
you will find groups.
They're Facebook groups or meetup groups.
There's everything from picking up trash
on the side of the highway to, you know,
phone banking your senators.
There's the, I think, 11 actions.
There's a movement to
have something that you can do every week
to help bring about the country that you want to see.
Okay.
Yeah, you can follow Adam Ultraberg on Twitter.
Eventually I will stop posting
about the Patriots, I promise.
All right, well.
And the jokes will be just as good as these.
All right.
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
Adam Goldberg.
It's a whole new world, Jeff.
We're through the looking glass, man.
Yeah, I just, Adam Goldberg did
a victory dance off the stage. It was good.
The president's at war with
Arnold Schwarzenegger's ratings, even though it's
a show he runs.
That's it.
Pay attention to that, by the way.
Bad business, man. Just makes bad business decisions.
I mean, say what you want,
but you got to say that he's a man of faith.
Yeah, no.
He's a true Christian hero.
He was praying for those ratings.
You know, yeah.
But also, yeah, I mean, congratulations
if you're a four-channer
that wanted to hack the government
and get this guy elected, like he's
a flavor of Mountain Dew
that you could make Hitler.
Very funny bit,
but now the guy
going to bring about the end of
net neutrality has been put in the, you know,
whatever. He's got his
chairman in charge of vice assistant
cybernetting or, you know,
is some guy that just fucking hates net neutrality.
What is net neutrality? I don't know.
I know it's
better than non-net neutrality.
I know that the end of net neutrality
has something to do with a world where
you and I can have political opinions
and no matter how popular they would get
in an open idea
marketplace, they might be fucking
absolutely inaccessible
by virtue of the
Walgreens or, you know,
Netflix next door to you cybernetically
that just needs more fucking data.
Like, you poor people will no longer
be able to
spread as much information
as
corporations, and that is a really, really slippery slope.
Net neutrality.
Donald Trump clearly, obviously not a fan of it.
He's not if you asked him. He'd be like,
what does that mean? Does it make my scalp
smaller?
Is it something I can grab,
rape, beat,
make fun of?
Was my dad
afraid of it? Would the ghost of my father
mock me while he punches the ghost of my
wife at the foot of my
bed?
Because if it doesn't fit into
those slots in my
gradually micro-stroking 75
year old brain,
I don't know what you're talking about, so he
puts some guy that knows a lot about computers
in charge of all computers in the world,
and so, good job
4chan.
Which I think is on the internet.
The place where you got together
and elected this guy.
I'm worried that if he stays in an office
long enough,
the world's tie fabric
resources will be depleted
probably in like, in six months.
His tie really
goes down to the tip of his
mangled dick.
His assuredly mangled
dick.
Absolutely. His wife won't
live with him in the white
house.
Like, it's the best house!
Like, how fucking repellent,
and repugnant, and bad in bed,
and disappointing of a fucking human male
do you have to be? For your wife to go
ehhhhh.
I don't want to live in the world's
most famous house.
I'd rather live in our shitty apartment
building surrounded by a fucking police state.
Ehhhhh.
He's so fucked up, we have to pay for
his wife not wanting to fuck him.
Ah, Jeff.
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't read about
any of that. But, oh, also,
apparently
the tax payer, because she wants to live at the Trump Tower,
she's gonna live in a golden building, and it
costs the tax payers
$100,000 a day
for her police detail to
make her live at home, not
at home, at the white house.
She doesn't want to be
around this fucking piece of garbage.
You saw them dancing, and it was a bummer.
When he started singing my way,
well, he clearly was saying things
right, and she was like, oh, please,
please, just stop it.
Just, just, just, just,
just, just, she's just saying to herself,
just get through whatever
contractual period I'm, like,
confined to. I, I, as church
said, like, my god, she's like, she's like, he
didn't expect to win. She thought they were gonna
lose and she would divorce him. Now she's stuck
with this piece of shit. Well, this is
his third wife, right? Third?
At least, right? That we know about.
Third? The, wasn't the,
the first one was an American
model, right? Like, Mar- Mar- Mar- Mar- Mar-
wasn't there a second middle one that was,
and, and, and she was sort of,
I don't want to, I don't want to use this
want to use this term disparagingly to somebody that I really don't know or if
this is offensive term but she was essentially a male order bride right
like like like she was a few she was also a like a Russian model or what or
what was if I don't trump first then Marla yeah wait so so so wait so who's
the I get confused because who this is his third wife yes okay so this is his
third wife it's his second non-American wife and I'm not going where you think
I'm going I'm not like Alex Jones going like no wait a minute I just mean I'm
just talking sexually I'm talking about psychosexual politics I'm talking about
like okay so first you have like a woman from your own country that you know it
just was born within the same sort of you know glass ceilings aside the same
sort of sandbox you were in with the same rules and things then she's gone
she's out of there then like Howard Hughes in the aviator it's like you know
Catherine Hepburn takes a hike and then you cut to the airplane hangar scene
where Howard Hughes is like bringing underage girls in and going like stop
right there 300 meters away you understand you'll be an employee
contracted to me and you'll do what I say okay turn around alright wipe that
lipstick off and stuff you know that scene in the aviator come on it's your
favorite movie right you've watched it 75 times because you have some perverse
fantasy of being America's most famous mentally ill entrepreneur because it
reminds you of yourself like I said and so I thought like like what that's how
we found Spencer but so you have that scene like and maybe ladies cover your
ears I don't know what's gonna offend you here but I would say don't I would
say I would say hit record when I say when I say cover your ears I just mean
like don't judge like I for a second if you will if I be candid for a second
like guys do like like we go through ups and downs and we do like like when we
get our hearts broken we I think there is a tendency like to like we have these
like things we do especially when we're young and we're still learning how to
interact with people but go like we swing the other way you know like like
like like from whatever previous relationship like we think we're gonna
fix things and I'm sure this is not totally exclusive to men but I'm just
talking to the guys because guys are kind of inherently you know we're
misogynistic we're inherently we love slash fear slash worship slash hate
despise these these these other creatures that we have so much power over us
that we don't understand we just want them to like us blah blah blah makes us
behave in all these fucked up ways we've been socialized not to share those
feelings cope with them connect those to the feelings that are also fucked up
with the other person and achieve that you don't start learning that stuff until
you're 44 and rich and already divorced and are like finally opening the hood a
little more than two inches on the fucked up car that is your life so you
you keep me this very general forever for all man this is stuff you need time
and money in the inclination to examine and I don't blame your average 40 year
old guy that has a lot more work to do for not getting there wait this is a
tangent I'm just saying here's here's what I'm saying in the crassist terms I'm
like if your first wife was like just like it was an American model and then
your second wife was a Russian model and then your third wife was a Russian model
here's what I'm assuming about the third marriage there's preconditions up the
fucking darkest yin yang imaginable like because there's no other difference he
didn't didn't go to French model he didn't go to Japanese model like he went
he was like I like me those those those eastern block women and here's another
one I'm guaranteeing you there's some fucked up differences at the outset of
that relationship that result in those that face that she's making that that
broke your heart because you said oh yeah minded you of what you do at the
Apple store right Spencer said that's the face of a customer service rep so what
you know you do that you know you're smiling and they turn around and you're
like she's a hostage is the worst yeah anyways I mean I mean benefit of the
doubt I'm hoping that she doesn't want to live with Donald Trump because he's a
gross perverted asshole and she wants to take care of Baron like you know like
maybe he needs special care or whatever and she doesn't want to do huh like I
mean maybe she's an awesome mom who doesn't want to be involved in that
circus like I'm hoping that that's the case but one thing's for certain she
doesn't want to be around him and now we have to foot the goddamn bill and we
have to be around him I know it's like we're the we're the we're the most
victimized neighbor in the world to that fucked up relationship like the care
taker at the Overlook Hotel had it better Scatman Crothers dad he had a name
the the okay so okay so here's the thing so go ahead cap capitalist what do you
call it uh what do you call it activism consumer activism all right so uber we
fucking the people spoke with their money and then he quit and then he he
pulled out of the thing that was egregiously like like oh I love Trump
and I think maybe issued a statement that kind of disavowed he said I didn't
want this to be about politics it's wanted to be about being part of the
thing and it hurt his bottom line and he and he fucked straight so the
question is now I'm having a disagreement with Cody about this because
she's like oh you can reinstall uber now and I was like wait fuck him now
off of this head like he'll be fine anyway like let him just drive all
Republicans around but but and I'll see you with the finish line but he was
already but but but she's got a point too though if you're if you if we
actually want to if it's about you know it's not it's just about swatting and
I don't know it's like a very interesting argument she's like oh you can take an
uber now because he he got hit and acknowledged he got hit publicly and
and and kowtowed to the will of the people what you don't want to do is
continue to just grind his face into the dirt he I mean like I I don't want to
say things and be fake news about this but like it hasn't already been like a
lot of like mistreatment of his workers I would say we should have stopped
using uber well before this because there's loads of sexual assault charges
right his workers are really ill-treated guys really high-roaded me well no I mean
though because I just like being able to tip because I'm just like now I can
give him however many stars I want yeah yeah because I'm paying here's the weird
thing about lift though that I know that I've switched and I'm not gonna go back
I'm I've learned to cope with lift and and it's not as it's not as bad as it
was when I stopped using it yeah but it's like the form I just I'm never gonna
give you less than five stars unless you like like run my dog or something but if
you give less than five stars if you press left those five stars before you
submit it says how can how can Rashida improve and but if you give five stars
as tonight you know Rashida drove me here in a lift and then it you give five
stars and it always then it says like what did you love about about Rashida
I've never had that feedback thing like it's right there I mean do you not know
like I've only given less than five stars maybe two or three times ever and I
take lift all the time when I'm saying when you give five stars the question
changes from what would you improve to what did you love I'm saying I've never
gotten that feedback loop thing we're like work they've never asked me tell
me why you gave five stars or tell me why you didn't I've never seen that they
probably don't care about it yeah motherfucker it sounds like I don't
social anxiety feature because yeah my point is like what do you tell me does
anybody ever type anything like I start I was flirting with ironic things like
like like like like the stars in his eyes or like like but but I don't want to
confuse people I've never been asked to weigh in on why I've only said that you
get to rate them and that's the end of the franchise all right well to tell you
the truth I thought that was gonna be a half hour of the show was talking about
that but now we're fucked it appears that's a dead-ass Thomas see howl here I
have your credit card see how the actor I guess I have a load of credit cards up
here that people I think he's been killed by Rucker Howard Rucker Howard god
damn it Harmon fucking get your shit together see you I I can never keep
track of whether you are with the Apple watch or against the Apple watch well
I'm trying it again tonight it's just it's because I had so few notes I've
thought well I'll just put them on my watch instead of like we fucking hot
don't you wear your Apple watch like Rip Taylor decides to wear his toupee
sometimes yes sometimes now second where it's like a hat you decide to wear
sometimes talk to each other what are blue I can't freebio where can he be
where can he be so another brings us the technology corner you have the theme
technology corner Steve Levy appeared like a fucking race that scared the
absolute shit what do you want Steve Levy you can't say the mic Rob Schrab is
making a thanks for coming I feel like I invited you did you guys were really
cuz you did you did do that didn't you I feel like it yeah oh no okay you feel
like what I invited you here yeah cuz there's no guest tonight and then those
guys both they came in the green room and I started to I was like it's fine
there's no guest it's good there's no guest and then and then these guys came
in one by one everybody leavey Jeff Spencer like they went is there any
guest and then and I was like no and then they each kept going like did you
try did you try Dino did you try like all this stuff I was like Jesus Christ you
guys I'm sorry I don't think I said that it's just a little mean but then you
showed up I like no guest I think some of our best shows I can leave I drove by
Schrab today while he was walking his dog and then we texted back and forth
and then it culminated and me just saying he should come on the show if you
were in like earshot of me walking my dog you could have heard me Siri going
text Dungeon Master what do you want to say to Dungeon Master I love you it's
true you're Spencer's name saved as Dungeon Master yes what I got Derek
Mears is Jason Voorhees Jack Black is Jack Austin I mean it's kind of like
the the the the ultimate phone it really is the ultimate I'm jealous that you've
been hanging out with Matt Berry this whole time and with that it was pretty
cool yeah I didn't hang out the whole week just just just the one because
toast of London is the goddamn funniest TV show if you don't know a toast of
motherfucking London check it out holy smoke that's funny well okay so that's
what's been going on you're hanging out with Matt Berry yeah I'm not bringing
him by here well he left yesterday because of something I said because of
my show no no no well if I stay longer I'll have to be on his podcast yeah no
he he was I want to go back to London no no he was he was in Eureka for a month
shooting a movie with Aubrey Plaza and now is it is just came here for a week
hang out I only saw him one day did you get these yet oh wait what was that I'm
crazy that was an iPhone chart you get these yet are they air buds air buds is
that what they're called air buds air buds are the dog that plays basketball
they're called air buds thank God they got rid of the wires because now you only
look you only look like a complete douchebag he can't hear us he's lost in
the groove I love music but I would rather never
hit music again than be caught wearing those fucking carry on my way words there's
just so much that wires offer in headphones what keeps it keeps them from
falling out of your ear holes well the same thing that always did your ears
they're wedged in your ears but they never fell out they haven't fallen out
since 2010 they changed the shape they wedged in their ears like a little
arrow if you drop one you're out of hold god damn I don't wear I don't wear
those because I lost so much hearing because of those we'll get to that in
a second wait there was so oh the only thing I don't like about these I thought
I was comfortable with like Ray Kurzweil's singularity you know like I'm
ready to become a part of the part of the computer world but then these things
they know when they're in your ear and I was like I'm out nope when you put them
in they go they make that like that activation sound of like a blue tooth
device I'm like why do you know you're in my ear what are you measuring light
wax spider eggs yeah I was like why don't they go when you put them in your
pocket like like white but maybe they do we can't hear them they just listen to
your balls the whole day long they listen I thought they're supposed to put
sound in your balls that's what they want you to think with the whole time
haha well I don't know jury's out on them I think they got little cups can you
talk into them as you know I don't know there's a bunch of sperm in there I've
done I've done phone calls with them but I don't know where my sound is going
it you know Steve wanted to know I think these are microphones down on the end
that's cool Steve said that like there is some new data about the new iPhone
that's coming out who's that cool guy with the white things hanging out of his
ears is that George Michael was you wow too soon I know yeah hey I soon we know
it's not up too soon for me I'm George Michael you brought me up too soon I
brought you up before you go go see that trivializes his death I I did it's
called paying tribute I love George Michael I was a huge philanthropist and
he was an awesome dude I pay tribute you marked his death you yank effect one of
his signs and incorporated his death into one of his signs that's there's
difference it's like those SNLs we can update jokes where they'd be like the
creator of the Oreo died on Wednesday and his casket was buried between two
slices of chocolate casket and it's like yeah I've you've done this before
that's a joke is someone died you horrible ghouls but kids are off limit
what have you been up to I just hanging out get some errands done I've been
putting off some errands over the last couple of years getting it have a shelf
I wanted to put up got to put it up Kate couldn't do it by yourself that
shelf this is a two-person job I can't can't can't hold up one side of the
shelf and the other side of shelf one person who did you have do it with you
Matt Barry my wife okay I said Kate put up a shelf organized all my cables by
color was it was a huge fucking cockroach I was the craziest biggest
cockroach a cockroach the size of Ted Danson two stars of creep show a cockroach
the size of Mallon Ackerman I saw her name on the in the Super Bowl
this is trying to fill my iCloud of references like up with new shit I got
those ear pods wait yeah I can't see it not that there's a Ted Danson science
crime it's under you it's under you is he gonna open up a bar after his failed
baseball career don't worry about it's one of those don't worry about it what's
a cut it's one of those LA cockroaches this is basically just a beetle it's
like not really a cockroach they don't do it be that be gross yeah it's like a
horseshoe crab like a prehistoric like that made it better okay all right so
all right well technology corner we already did we did it with the ear pods
okay fine so and also be careful with those I'm gonna add this to the
technology corner this comes to us from our people at Joe Rogan's desk a friend
of mine heard on Joe Rogan's podcast that someone said someone suggested
there's a setting in your iPhone you can you can change your all of the color
to black and white you can remove all the color from your phones display spikes
your dopamine a little bit less makes it easier to put your phone down oh what
is life hacks what's the what's the ways to make your phone less crucial to your
life what do you do you tap it with four fingers five times no there's no
shortcut that I know of it's like and it's it's horrendously hidden in a bunch
of like it's an accessibility features and then like it's still from there
that you're like nine menus deep but you'll find it you'll be fine and it
also whatever I did it for a while but how am I gonna play bubble which if I
can't tell what color the bubbles are and how will you know about her delicious
crimson locks did you get in the moment showed it to me yeah I didn't ask me
what game I was getting into I showed him bubble which and it's a redhead in
tight so you're blowing up bubbles yeah I just got my kitty fountain updated
awesome how's your how's your how's your health your physical health you're
somewhat notorious for your compulsive scrubbing of your butthole scalding of
it you had a parasite in your stomach at one yes last time you scalded your
butthole Rob is that it's been a couple years that's a thing that's a thing of
the past now yeah it's a thing of the past I've moved on I'm good I'm you
look thin as hell you look like triple gym Schrab back from the day I got a
trainer again oh yeah because you should go we used to come triple gym or because
he would go to the gym three times a day I was I was seriously crazy you're
acting like he's just recently gone through some fat phase he's like his
Schrab she's always been nobody he looks leaner and leaner than the then I got a
trainer he's like this this I believe he's like it like this 28 year old like
kid who just came from like Texas or whatever and he beats the shit out of
me he just beats the shit out of me and then you guys don't work out easy yes
yeah yeah I wake up every morning five o'clock just give him a nudge and he
beats the shit out of me and then you go to cross go did we go cross train do
you know who he voted for no I don't I don't have that conversation I've learned
on how to work where do you where what are you what's been going on with you
and your your political part of your brain what what how are you handling this
I don't like it I'm upset I'm really upset but mostly you're just into animal
rights I see on the tour you're like everybody else is like the judicial
branch can't be dissolved then we want to check some balances and you're like
this she too needs help animal rights activists and full-on vegan like like
straight up yeah yeah I love it yep yep super popular with with people I think
yeah oh it is it will be okay a vegan too or she she's a vegetarian but not
vegan yeah all right we're out of show wait I want Rob to keep doing when he was
doing yeah let me go and then what is it leave he's like you what you want me to
tell people I bought a gun we can talk we could talk about you bought a gun you
bought a gun we could talk about why did you buy a gun because you secretly
want to kill somebody it's the only reason I secretly know that in the event
that you're hoping for that event to happen so you could kill something that's
not your secret Charles Bronson you see I've discussed this with my therapist
and I have a right to buy a gun she said as long as you're it's not for you and
it's not for anyone in the immediate future well never starts out like that
no but in all fairness dance therapist is Sam Peckin Park
what we landed we didn't talk about this because it in between San Francisco
which was our last show and now we we flew in from San Francisco to LAX and
it was like the airport was deserted because the protests had just started
and we spent like five and a half hours Jeff was there longer church showed up
to take pictures but we were we were just there in the midst of this historical
thing I'd never been at a protest and I thought it was like I mean it was it was
amazing I hate to sound like some weird tourists but that's literally what we
were we had luggage and Jeff Jeff had his Vivian Westwood suits over his shoulder
and his Newsy cap and his fancy jacket and and he kept he kept like he was
able to just go up to the cops and find out what's going on like like hey what's
going on and they're like just protecting people's right to free speech you
know it was a very it was a very after you guys left we had an agreement with
the police that we were like we got there we were blocking all of the traffic
for when we got to like you know probably six hours after it started we got
there like around five or six o'clock it had been going on all day and we were
blocking everything and then finally the police came in giant force all these
cops came and if you felt if you follow a church on like Instagram or Facebook
whatever she's amazing photos of all these cops came and then they but
the cops came from the direction that we weren't facing so you can very quickly
go from texting tweeting about how you're at our at a protest and you're so
cool because you're at a protest like huh looks like looks like people are
protesting and they're chanting and here I am I'm I'm I'm just 60 minutes back
here just and then and then there's lights flashing because it's a concourse
and then everyone turns around here everyone's facing my direction now
okay phone away and just staring at riot shields like six feet away and then
look at doing a double-take of realizing the guy next to me is wearing a
football helmet and the homemade I took a picture with him and tweeted it but it
was like I did a double-take of that guy I was like hey hi and he's like her a
little Rick and Morty and it was just like holy fuck that guy with a homemade
gas mask and the whole thing yeah yeah Rick and Morty fan yeah there were a
lot of why was it homemade why is he got a home he has a football helmet he had
like a like a lacrosse helmet on with a with a like a home he had a riot shield
like saw that no no he had he had a he had a gas mask like a kind of a it was
it was it was a mask yeah I think you get a home depot for painting I think if
you work in like these are police no this was another guy that was
protesting why is he got a thing on his face he's anticipating activity that may
involve him breathing tear gas or getting hit with a baton how do you
understand that he complimented you if he had a gas mask on that was my joke
if it was very muffled over good morning so he didn't say it he did it's a
popular show you might as I'm not saying it is I said it's 740 most of the people
were like where's season three I was like get back to protecting democracy
for it was it sounds I that was the only thing that called me as those kids are
fucking like really into my cartoon like like I don't know how to tell them my
heart is pounding in my chest like I'm like I'm like relocating my phone to
different pockets I'm like I think there's a bottle cap down here could
that cut my arterial like arteries which are the best kind of arteries classic
the classic arterial artery it says every the new arterial artery it's
order arterial all right don't use a venal artery you were looking for a
bottle cap in your pocket I was like struggling like I'm like freaking out
because I'm thinking I'm gonna get arrested for the first time I'm gonna
get manhandled by people that aren't my family for the first time I'm gonna I'm
gonna get like pepper sprayed I'm gonna I've had to pee for four hours I'm
going straight to you know Buzzfeed or something I was like I'm gonna have pissed
on my leg as I'm like loaded like a Lincoln Loggy into a into a paddy wagon
and but but but the other kids were just like when season three coming out like
so I was like well there I don't think they're very scared season three coming
out there I mean you got to have a date and time I think I think I think it's
time for the season three Rick and Morty update wrap you want to wrap hang on
second give me a second have you been Dan talk about things have you been Dan
I haven't seen you in a while I've been good what's going they're drawing here's
how cartoons work first you write them then you draw them for a really long
time everything needs to be on paper so you can see it so if all I do is write
it and then put it on TV it'll look like a script instead of Rick and Morty what
you seem to like and when you tell me to stop being political and get back to
drawing it I don't try it I know it looks like I do that's called style those
artists are still actually to go to school they're drawing it and they'll
be drawing it until they're done drawing it and then adult swimmel cheers
when the air it's very much not my decision when the air things because
remember because I don't control other things are on TV or not if I did we'd
be in season 9 of community and it would be 48 episodes a year and they would
also just be shows about me taking a shit I would I would be every show I would
because I don't I'm gonna stop when you say stop I'm gonna fuck your mama like
the head of a mop a hip hop to the hip one day Superman team down he said I'm
Superman so comparatively you're a clown I said ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Superman got his woofers and tweeters out I said motherfucker democracy is gonna
chout with your titties out around about I got the gout Superman ain't too much
rich food, heavy creams and sauces. He thought he was impervious to them because he's Superman.
A lot of people don't know. Totally normal internal digestive system. He can succumb to things like gout.
A lot of people say gout is Superman's kryptonite.
From a strictly dietary standpoint, however, gout can never actually kill him because he's...
They're drawing it.
While they're drawing it, I'm making a million things and they take a long time to make. Spencer's killing it on Harmon Quest Season 2.
I thought for a second that there was a little bit of it that was going to be bad. I wouldn't set him up by saying that.
I'm so excited about Harmon Quest. I'm not saying... There's nothing... Don't let that show up in an article where it's like,
here's why Rick and Morty's late. Dan's excited about Harmon Quest. It's not related. They're drawing it. They have to draw the things.
I will say and did say. The reason it was late, the reason they got a late start drawing it is because I am fucking slow and shitty and unpredictable as a writer.
The buck stops here with that. I'm done with that part. You can't now tell me to go faster. It doesn't make any sense. I confessed to my crimes after it was too late to make me change.
You're yelling at the audience. You're yelling at them.
Anyways, it's 9-11 probably. Is it 9-11? It looks like 9-10. Moment of silence for the bowling green massacre victims.
Oh my God. Are you booing my mainstream political jokes?
I could have stopped it. Do you have any actual political jokes? Let's do a Dan Harmon joke corner where you tell a joke.
It doesn't have to be political. Any just proper joke joke.
Oh, I thought it was a political joke.
Oh, if you got one, lay it on us.
Kelly and Conway walks into a chamber. That's how all good jokes start.
And there's a vortex in it.
A door to the south.
And there's other people in there. She wants to save them because they're Nazis or something.
And so she says, I'll tell you what, you guys run and I'll put the vortex where my soul should be.
And they say, but how will you keep your physical form from desiccating in this really on the nose evil way?
How will you keep yourself from looking like an over the top sorceress?
As if there's like weird permanent mascara tears going down the lines where your veins supply blood to your eyeballs from a heart that may just be a black rock that glows and pulses rather than beating.
And she's like, I don't know. I'll just deal with it.
And they run, all the Nazis run, and they're like, yay, we're free. We made it out of that chamber where there was a vortex.
And she's like, I made it too.
And they're like, but you...
By the way, if you guys have heard this, you can stop them at any time.
No, but I don't have any political jokes.
I didn't mean to stop you.
It's really hard not to make fun of Kelly in Conway's appearance because you, but it's like, it's like one of those weird...
She looks like the lead singer of Hannai Rocks.
It's a catch-22 because you're like, you know what? Part of this is you want to be woke, you want to be on the right team.
It's like, we want to live in a world where you're...
So you're using tools that the enemy uses to just go like, oh, she's an ugly woman.
Like, well, that's not really the point. It's just more like she looks evil.
Yeah. No, the president of the United States, fat and feminine, everything possible, shamed everybody.
We're allowed to say he has a giant ass and she looks like the lead singer of Hannai Rocks.
Yeah. But you can hear it's not going over well.
Because they don't look... Just look up the lead singer of Hannai Rocks.
It's like picture pages, like there's supplemental material to our entertainment.
There was this thing called picture pages starring a man that turned out to be a famous rapist.
He was so famous for rape.
Well, I'm saying he turned out he ended up a famous...
More famous for that than pudding.
Yeah.
You got to admit.
He's the second-least-powerful rapist in America right now.
Who's the least-powerful rapist in America?
Second-most, I meant.
Oh, okay. There we go.
Let's check in with Spencer and see what's going on in China.
Hey, guys. I got these pickles.
We can't carry on.
Why did you bring pickles?
They're great.
Where did you get the pickles?
From Artisan Cheese Gallery.
Spencer's into pickles now.
Hey, go to Baller Hardware. They sell pickles at the hardware store.
No, they don't.
They sell pickles at the hardware store, and I went,
why are you selling pickles at the hardware store?
And they said, because they're fucking good, man.
Baller Hardware, let me try some of these pickles.
And I finished the jar. They're good, man.
That sounds great.
You got to get these pickles, man.
Are they their own brand of pickles, the hardware store people?
No.
They're just name brand pickles, and they stock?
No, they're not name brand.
I guess they're made in Silver Lake by a friend of the guy who owns the hardware store.
Oh, that's awesome.
So I can go get some keys made by some light bulbs.
Get some pickles.
This sounds like one-stop shopping.
And leave.
Yeah, they got the small baby pickles, and then they got the larger ones, too.
So you really are...
I get one of each.
Spencer, can I try one of your pickles?
Yeah, they're in the back. I bet Steve could bring them up.
Can you bring out these pickles?
Steve, would you bring out the goddamn pickles?
You really are getting into home improvement, which is funny, because when I got fired from community,
I started hanging shelves and shit.
It was like some weird impulse, and are we allowed to talk about the fact?
Well, it's all over the place, if I know what you're talking about.
Your relationship with Lego has reached a conclusion, and now you're putting up shelves.
That's what I did after community.
I had a lot of errands that I've been putting off, and I had to leave Lego to put up some shelves.
Do my laundry. What do we got here?
There's ones that are peppers and ones that are pickles.
Oh, these are fucking delicious.
Right. They're so good.
Did you just eat a pepper or a pickle?
I think that was a pickle one he grabbed.
Give me some of them.
That's a pickle. It's almost like a bread and butter pickle.
Yeah, it's the only thing that's a sweet pickle.
Give me some of them.
Oh, God, I'm joy.
I mean, I would put that on a sandwich, or I just eat them.
Oh.
Right, you just eat them straight.
They're great.
I want to eat some of these pickles.
All right. Is there anyone in the audience?
They're spicy, too.
Yeah, they're spicy, too.
I want to eat some pickles.
Get a pickle.
People pay $10 for this show.
Oh, my God.
Pay $10.
Waited in line.
But right now, if you are a new subscriber to the live stream, your subscription fee goes to the ACLU.
We match your donation.
We don't send your money to the ACLU.
I guess that's a legal thing.
We match it.
If you subscribe now to the live feed, we're going to match all of your money until the
March, when we find out that Donald Trump is a bad person on the tax march.
But we haven't found out if he's a bad person yet.
We're going to hope to find that out one day.
Is there anybody in the audience that, and since it's been kind of a sausage tea party
up here.
Thomas, see how.
I will go with a lady's first rule, but I'm just more curious.
Is there anybody in the audience that's kind of like, say, a veteran protester, somebody
who's been at, like, more than, like, five protests?
Nobody.
Wow.
Four protests.
Well, that's important to know, too.
Like, we're all, I mean, you guys are like me.
Like, we've entered new times where, like, lower the number.
What about a woman that was, uh, women here that were at the woman's march?
Oh, you're just coming up.
You didn't raise your hand, but you're, okay.
No, no, it's fine.
And you definitely, I don't, yeah, you look like a protester.
Come on up.
Uh, yeah.
What's your name?
Harry.
Harry?
Okay.
It's Harry, everybody.
Hey, everyone.
Do you want a pickle?
No, I actually really don't like pickles.
I will take a.
You'll love these pickles.
These pickles are, these pickles are pretty good.
Hey, cats, everyone thinks I'll love their cat.
Everyone thinks I'll love their pickles.
Well, everyone's cats are bad, but these pickles are good.
So, Harry, these pickles are off the fucking deep end, Harry.
Treat yourself to one of these pickles.
I'm going to stick with no pickles.
Take the pickle.
I'm protesting these pickles.
I'm protesting.
Drink, drink, drink, drink, drink that dill juice.
Harry, come on.
You fucking pussy.
Drink that dill juice, man.
No, I mean, I'm definitely scared to drink that.
No, drink it.
Drink that dill juice.
That dill juice.
Fucking Harry, drink it.
Fucking pussy, man.
Harry's not drinking the dill juice.
Drink that dill juice.
No.
All right.
On the graph.
The amount of laughs toward time spent on this bit.
We peaked, and now we're going to ride downhill into the next segment.
Harry.
Yes.
So, it was my first protest.
I had to be flown into it.
I was also there.
Were you there at the LAX?
Yeah.
When we shut that shit down?
Arrivals and departures?
I was also there like days prior and after.
Fuck you, high road.
No, this isn't for you, it's for them.
You got off on an airplane.
I was flown in with luggage.
I was like, hell no, we won't go, not until my dog sitter is off duty.
I don't know if it's because some get more attraction than others on social media,
but people seem to arbitrarily choose when to go to things that are consistent.
The Women's March was a set thing that happened at a time on a day.
LAX was like, we kind of need you here always because there's planes keep coming in
and people keep being detained.
If you're trying to be there to just be a physical body of support,
that's always needed until this shit changes.
Well, I'm going to skip over a topic that'll make me babble for too long
and put my foot in my mouth, which is to hold the pin.
I want to get back to this topic after the next one,
which is white people need to go to protest more than other people.
White people sitting at their keyboard at home are doing three times as much
by not doing anything because society is unfair.
I said I wouldn't talk about it, but put a pin in that.
White people need to go to more protest.
Put a pin in it, Harry!
And move that pin in accordance with the LAPD's wishes every five minutes.
That's my next topic.
I'm going to eat a fucking pickle.
Obviously, the LAPD is more experienced than any protestor out there.
As an organization, maybe not the actual cool cucumbers,
the very ethnically diverse cool cucumbers they put out on the front lines.
As human beings, I got to say, the first thing that hits your mind
as a first-time protestor being there, I was like, I love these protestors
and I love the LAPD. It was this weird thing.
But then throughout the evening, by the time I got home, I was like, oh, we got played.
It's like, oh, peaceful protest, peaceful protest.
Everyone was so proud of how peaceful the protest was.
Well, the protest was peaceful because the protest was run by the LAPD.
And every time somebody started chanting, fuck the police,
everybody would go like, peaceful protest, peaceful protest.
We wouldn't want anyone to get arrested, tear gassed, all these things.
But it's really tough because basically the protestors ended up making a deal with the LAPD.
They were in constant contact with them, which I thought was a glorious thing.
There is a positivity to that, right?
There is a positive message that that sends, especially when the cops aren't the ones holding the detainees.
I know you're asking, you're going like, damn, what is your question?
No, not at all.
But the LAPD isn't in charge of the detainees.
And so they're working with them, cooperating with them.
It actually does provide these spine-tingling opportunities to be like,
hey, maybe you guys should be over here too.
You are all like a rainbow of people descended from, you know,
whose family tree goes up two feet without an immigrant in it.
You're just wearing riot gear because that's your job.
Like, get over here.
And it's like, there's some moments where it was like, they might do it.
I saw an airport cop, technically not LAPD. I forget the exact distinctions there.
But he cried when one of the detainees got released.
And then I called him on it and he quickly got really macho about it and like wiped his tears out.
Church took some, Jeff's girlfriend took some great pictures of,
she could just be church, it doesn't have to be Jeff's girlfriend.
What a fucking horrible society this is.
She loves pickles.
She got there too late in the game to like, if she had been there,
she's an amazing photographer.
Like, nothing makes you realize more than photos,
like the history that we're living and you see it because it looks like Time Magazine.
Let's bring church up.
She's sitting right here.
Church over at Cassandra Church.
The pictures that you took of that young lady who had like,
she decided to focus her emotional energy on one cop as if that itself were a weapon,
like a quote-unquote weapon, it's not destructive.
She was just, that was probably both a tactic and a very sincere thing
because she was unmistakably sincere.
And the cop, you said, well, you describe it.
Well, it was when I first got there.
And as you say, you know, they were in the street for a little while
and then bringing people back up onto the sidewalk.
And at this point, this is when all the police started pushing everybody back up onto the sidewalk.
And this one particular girl caught my eye because as a photographer,
I pushed my way to the front to try to get a view of everyone facing the police.
And this one girl was just glued on this guy.
And she had just tears, like, rolling down her face.
And her sign said, like, Syria, Yemen, Iran, welcome here with a heart.
She was sobbing and sobbing and sobbing.
And she was leaning off the curb practically onto an officer
who just kind of, like, leaned back and acted like I wasn't doing it
because he could see what I saw and what I was trying to photograph.
They were being very nice to photographers.
They were being incredibly nice to photographers.
At one point, I was on an overpass looking down at these guys
and they were smiling and waving and laughing and taking photos of me with their phones.
And then they were all just on Instagram.
They were hanging out. They were fine.
There was absolutely no problem.
I couldn't hear what was being said between the girl and the officer in front of her,
but he was whispering to her and trying to calm her down.
And they were having some conversation that I couldn't hear from where I was standing.
But he seemed to be consoling her.
Right. She was pleading something with him and trying to get him to understand
and from what I could tell by their gestures.
Probably something along the lines of, I'm just doing my job.
Right. And he's probably saying something like, I know I understand and I'm just doing my job.
Like, okay, just stay back on the curb.
And that could be the most important interaction that you have with police
is getting them to admit that they're just doing their job,
reminding them of that the whole time because that means they don't have to be mad.
They don't have to be, but on the flip side of that,
so that's why I wanted to have a hanky face as now I call them.
Because I was like looking around like, these hanky faces,
are the hankies for anonymity or tear gas?
People have their own reasons for them.
So a lot of us just...
There's also an argument, I can't defend it for various reasons or like object it to it.
There's some articles going around about how like masking up is a form of white privilege
because if you're a white person then you still blend into the crowd
whereas like if there's only a few people of color at the thing, they're easier to identify.
I didn't even follow, I didn't track that at all.
It's just some 2017 internet race commentary.
I would say at this age, I think there's probably, it's rooted like masking up is probably...
It's rooted in anonymity.
Okay, okay.
Because it's not going to filter out.
No, not at all.
Certain things will, like the Home Depot guy who I also saw,
like his would have helped out a bit.
But yeah, I mean if they throw tear gas, your sunglasses and fabric aren't going to do shit.
So before church got there, this is what happened,
which I think this could be a microcosm of what we're all facing,
if we're all going to be protesting and marching, it's like this is a really difficult thing.
Because there was an exhilaration in the air,
and part of the pride on the part of the protesters was in no uncertain terms
the fact that we were working in what you have to call cooperation with the LAPD.
That felt like a triumph.
Now you're dealing with a police department that has been at a million of these.
And they, and so, and you, but on the other hand,
all of these individual police officers are human beings as are the protesters.
But when I get home and I see basically that the protest got successfully broken up, you know,
and I look back and it was like there was this moment where we were all standing
and blocking the upper concourse, and one of the megaphone people said,
you know, here's the deal, the cops are saying so far we haven't broken the law.
Because they haven't issued a disperse order.
When they issue a disperse order, we have a decision to make.
Are we going to become criminals and turn this into a thing
that's going to end up being a news item about how we were criminals
and how the crime had to be put down?
Alternatively, they've offered us a deal.
They've said that we can stand on the sidewalk for 15 minutes or 30 minutes
and then disrupt for 10 minutes and then do that in alternation.
And there was a pause and then someone called out, 15, 15 minutes, 20, 20, 15
and it turned to the price is right about how we got the nuts here.
I'm not disparaging that.
I'm just pointing out the absurdity of it.
It's not because what happened was a wedge got driven in between the people
that have done this before and were not necessarily hoping things would deteriorate
but at the same time probably that were prepared for it.
And that's always going to be a smaller group.
And so that was a really, that is a tactic, right?
Because they, rather than bother throwing tear gas at a large group of people
that feel solidified to stay in communication with them
and to say, oh, we love Shayguvara.
Shayguvara is your spokesman.
We just talked to Shayguvara.
Shay, tell your people what we're telling them.
We're telling you, you can have free bananas if you give us half of your guns.
And then there's like, all of this stuff starts, you foment like a conversation among the protesters.
Before that, there was no conversation.
I feel like there were a couple of things that made that specific.
One, it was, like church, you were at the Ferguson protests here in LA.
Yeah, and it was a very different thing.
If it was 2000 black people at the airport, I think it would have been different.
And also, if it weren't an airport, it would have been different.
They don't want to start putting chemical agents out into an airport.
But all that is to say that we had the leverage.
We had the airport shut down.
I don't know what our leverage translated to.
But sorry, go ahead, Harry.
There's also a difference between a protest like the Women's March where it's organized.
It's in the daytime.
They block off streets and everybody knows where it's going to be
and where the people will be going generally and what the plan is.
Right.
Versus at night people just taking to the street because they're angry
or people showing up to a place like the airport that already has high security.
Okay, so Harry...
So the reaction is completely different by a police force coming out to try to contain
and make sure that that's under control.
And where there's multiple law enforcement agencies.
Right.
What I'm wondering is then what was...
Because what happened was there were some hardcore elements that were like,
no, then nothing happens.
This is how they drive a wedge.
And then there were...
Like, here I am, 44.
I got...
I'm hungry.
My dogs are about to start pissing in the house.
I've been there for five hours.
Like, I didn't want...
The last thing I wanted to do is be a pussy.
But...
You didn't see the girl who brought burritos?
No, there was plenty of burritos.
You left right before the burrito guy came out.
She brought a bunch of fucking burritos.
To the extent that I'm up in the air,
like, a situation got created where now conversations are starting to happen.
Like, logic was invited.
And I remember distinctly the moment where I felt at peace with stepping off of the street
and under the sidewalk, i.e. basically surrendering.
The moment where I felt that that was okay,
where I wouldn't then go home and hate myself for giving in,
because there were, like, only a couple of people left who were arguing with each other.
And one of them was screaming at the ones who wanted to stay and sit and get arrested.
It's not about you!
And she's not...
There was this messaging that was put into it.
It was like, do we want the detainees to be in the newspaper?
Newspaper.
Do it...
Do whatever.
The huff-posed laser beam, the hologram, the pokemons.
Do we want the story to be about the detainees,
or do we want it to be about how a bunch of hippies got stun gunned at the airport?
Okay, so now...
So at that moment, I was like, here...
I've done all the talking, but I want to be...
Like, here's the thing, first protest, 44 years old,
like, so used to always doing the wrong thing.
Like, I always, like, think that I'm like,
oh, sounds like this, and then I'll be so embarrassed.
That's when I was like, okay, I now have permission to step on the sidewalk
because this very passionate young woman is going, like, it's not about you,
and she's talking to, like, four or five people,
and, like, I don't know, and I won't know until someone else tells me
whether it's the right thing to do to sit here, sit down, or leave.
I was like, what if I undercut the fucking cause?
It was like, a community creator and famous fat guy.
It's like, what if that ends up being some kind of counter-messaging or whatever.
So now talk to me, tell me what to do.
I think, well, sort of contrary to that request,
I think it's important no matter which side of an issue you're on,
not to tell other people protesting the same thing, how to protest,
whether that means if someone wants to get arrested for their cause,
let them make that decision.
And if someone wants to chant a chant and hold a sign,
I think it's important to know what you're trying to accomplish
and if what you're doing is everything you could be doing to accomplish that.
So, like, if you want to make real change in government policy,
holding a sign and chanting a chant isn't going to do that.
Because they've now incorporated that into their system if they hadn't already 60 years ago.
And it's just like, that's you being, by going to the airport,
you're being a physical body supporting a message as well as actual people who are detained.
But, like, if you have any illusions that what you're doing in that is really affecting larger change,
which I think was one thing some people gave the women's march kind of a bad rep for this,
but I thought it was cool that they almost owned up to, like,
we don't have a list of demands, we just want to make sure you know we're here
and we're not fucking cool with this stuff.
Which I thought was so, that was the most important thing.
You could look at it either way.
It turned out body count was the thing that was important.
It was flesh scraping cement poured into the streets of every city around the world.
That really got to our enemy.
So, like, if you go to a protest and the police give you a directive,
it's basically just up to you to assess what it is you're trying to do
and if listening to that directive or disobeying it is going to further your cause.
So, like, if you're there just for moral support, maybe don't get arrested.
Or do.
Like, that's your choice, but it's not going to, if you get arrested,
you're not going to be able to be the body there showing your support.
So, what do you think? You were there, and so you were like, you know what, for what we've done,
we shut down the airport, LAX is not the epicenter of this, the LAPD is not in charge.
You thought it was cool to shrink back and continue to have a presence there.
It's kind of a picket line in the sense that it's like a physical reminder.
Yeah, it sort of becomes up to you also having been there for over a day already
and to continue to be there. Like, those cops work long shifts.
They come to recognize people who are there enough.
If I'm going to continue to be there and do what I think is my best foot forward
to help my cause or whatever, getting arrested doesn't help that.
These cops recognize me already as the guy who's been here all week.
Like, it's not useful for me to step to them. I know they're not the enemy.
How much time have you spent out there at LAX?
Like, you've been there for multiple days?
Yeah, yeah. I haven't been in a couple of days because at a certain point
I was like, oh, I need to make rent money.
But I was there for like four or five days.
Not sleeping there because I was like, I have a home to go to
and I don't want to be more of a nuisance than by design.
Well, I found a good tactic because we just got off a plane like Dan said.
I had my suit, Vivienne Westwood's, that garment bag over my shoulder.
And I'm dressed like me and there's a bunch of hippies.
Harry, I know we all saw that dude that was kind of the Native American guy
with a drum that was just being the most punk rock dude in the world.
The tiny drum?
Yeah.
He was there a lot.
There was this guy dressed up like just this native, like, like, Inkin,
I don't know what he was, just banging a drum right in the cops' faces
and they didn't, like, they just let him do it. It was so cool.
Because, like, they don't give a shit.
Yeah, because he was just this great, like, drum major for the whole thing.
But there was a moment when the organizers of the protest at LAX were saying,
okay, guys, are we need people upstairs and downstairs at the same time?
So if you guys are comfortable going upstairs, we want to spread this out.
Also, we need people inside to welcome the people coming out.
So let's make sure that we're all here and we're all there.
So, Church and I, I think Dan and Cody had just gone. You guys just split.
And this is, like, oh, like, 10 p.m. and we got there, like, at five.
We went downstairs and we had to, it was time to go back into the street
and disrupt things with the cops so we can go and be disruptive for 15 minutes.
And, like, we can be off the sidewalk and be out in traffic and walking.
Your next schedule, disruption, will be permitted in T-miners.
Right-wingers are roasting you online for listening to cops just so everyone's aware.
Like, if you go and watch a right-wing chat room where they're, like, periscoping the protest,
they're just like, look at these fucking idiots listening to police.
Like, they don't know what they're doing.
Really? The right-wing people say that?
Yeah, because they're like, oh, you think you're making a change,
but you're sitting here obeying cops, which I'm not.
Also, because they don't know the difference between a protest and a riot.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, hilariously, while it was happening, like, every 30 minutes, because it's LAX,
hello, I'm Mayor Eric Garcetti.
While Eric Garcetti is not at the airport.
It's really funny. There's, like, a guy painted blood red with a Native American drum
in a cop's ear going, boom!
But we, like, this is democracy! This is what democracy looks like!
And then it's like, hello, I'm Eric Garcetti.
Not a good time, Eric.
So we were a small group of people going downstairs to block the downstairs traffic, too.
And again, I feel bad about anybody that missed a plane or all that shit.
It's a bummer. But we were trying, there was a lot of people being detained,
and we were trying, we were hoping that, like, being there was going to get all these people released.
But it turns out 25 did get released, and then during that time, 100 more people got detained.
Complaints keep coming in.
That's the central issue of what's going on at LAX that I think needs to be remembered.
Like, yes, there's a bigger picture of, like, Trump's executive orders in the large scale
and overall policies about immigration.
But, like, specifically what's going on is people are being illegally detained
and denied access to food, water, lawyers, family, like...
Healthcare.
That's what's happening.
Elderly, it doesn't matter.
Not even from just those seven countries.
They detained an Aero Mexico flight of, like, 100 passengers.
A woman from Amsterdam, like, they're just...
CBP is being crazy.
Like, if you're a privileged white guy that has access to a garment bag,
here's a little tip.
Go to a protest.
Look like you just landed.
Looks like you didn't show up to the protest, planning to be the protest.
And have a garment bag.
And you get to walk up to the police and talk to them,
and they absolutely give you the full order of information that you don't get
if you look like a protestor, because we all walked into the street
and they all lined up, put their sticks up, their masks down on their helmet shields,
and started marching us back off the street.
And it's like, back on the curb, back on the sidewalk, back on the sidewalk.
And they're like, we had a deal! We had a deal!
And they're like, nope, you gotta get back on the street.
So I just sort of, I went out of the crowd because I'm a tall privileged white guy
with a garment bag.
We had a deal! We had a deal!
Chester's walking over.
Honestly, all the men got off the street, all the women in the group
stayed in this fucking street and were right the chin up to the cops.
They're like, no, we had a fucking deal.
And the cops are like, back on the street, back on the street.
So I went down like Goldilocks and asked three different cops.
Hey, I put my suit garment over my shoulder like I'm a Kerry Grant.
You know, hey, hey, hey, hello, hello, matey.
Do we change the deal? What's the difference now?
We had a deal! We had a deal!
And you guys are going back on the curb, sir.
I want you to know the cop.
Hey, I thought we had a deal.
30 minutes on the sidewalk and 15 minutes in the road.
And I wasn't really doing my bad Kerry Grant.
You're really committing to it.
But I was like, did things change? What's going on, man?
I thought you told these kids there was a thing.
And the second cop goes, now you gotta get back on the sidewalk, sir.
All the way down to the very last cop.
I said, hey, wasn't there a thing going on?
Like where there was like, we could be on the thing for 30 minutes
and be out in the street for 50 minutes.
And the guy kind of paused and looked around.
And he goes, you have to be in the sidewalk.
The crosswalk.
We have to be on the crosswalk.
And everyone, I ran back to the group.
We had a deal! We had a deal!
Everybody! Everybody!
We had a deal!
Over to the crosswalk!
Crosswalk!
Go to the crosswalk!
And the cops, the LAPD, stood on both sides of the crosswalk
and protected us and let us do our thing for a while.
So I couldn't believe at an airport how nice they were being about that deal.
Because I think it was because it's an airport.
They don't want to start shit when it doesn't need to be.
They weren't going to throw tear gas anywhere near the door to LA.
Exactly.
Well, and I hope, and I think our hearts were filled with hope
and perhaps naively perhaps were being laughed at for having this hope
that it's the LAPD, their jobs to serve and protect the people of Los Angeles,
these people, children of immigrants, immigrants themselves,
descending on this international hub of commerce,
because LA fucking pumps and thrives with immigrant energy, foreign blood,
that's America, that all of those cops, also as civil servants,
are like, I am here to protect your freedom of speech.
I think we all felt that high of like, the cops are being chill right now
because they know we're right and they want us to win.
And that allowed us to make deals with them and get high off of that.
Oh, the teacher put an apple on my desk.
I think, so I, one thing that's really important is that this sea of,
there's like 150 people in this room and this is a scientific, important statement,
not a shaming one, that absolutely nobody here yet,
this is like my predominantly white audience and certainly all of them,
regardless of gender background, whatever, they're all nerds.
They're all like analytical thinkers and we've all been guilty of this
where we sit and we're watching what's happening and you don't want to side
with a dirty, belligerent hippie anymore than you want to side with a fascist cop.
Like you, your instinct, because you are like me,
like you're like, you want to be Han Solo, he's the smart one,
he's the logical one, you were an individualist.
Like you, that's your American values, that's the way you express how you are.
You don't want to, you don't see any merit in joining a throng.
What good could come of that?
And I don't want to ever tell you what to do and I'm proud of the fact
that my audience has never protested.
But like, I'm now saying like, because this time is crucial, I'm 44,
and if you're 25, you may have been a child when the dangling Chad election happened
and you felt like, well, this is just sort of how it goes.
There's a lot of contention sometimes.
This is nothing like that.
Like we're living in a fucking history book right now and it's shit is going down
and we don't have to be doomsayers, but we don't have to choose between that
and being naive, but I think that it is valuable for us to get out there
and it's easier than you think to just go like, well, maybe it's easier than you think.
Let's ask Harry.
Like you can show up to this shit and no one is going to demand that you handcuff yourself
to a redwood tree and get cut down with it.
Like you can show up, dip your toe in.
You can bring Krispy Kreme donuts.
Like if you believe in privilege, then privilege is a weapon at these places.
Like your lily white face, your lack of antagonism, as unfair as it is to a cop
that's looking through a riot helmet, it actually can be a tool that you're not using
if you don't go to these things.
So Cody and I are trying to figure it out.
Like we've got to go to this shit.
Black Lives Matter protests must be in dreadful need of big fat white people.
Like just to go under the middle.
They're hand raised here.
Let's all do it.
Let's all do it right now.
There's got to be a protest going on.
Well, that's an idea.
I want to tell you what to do.
The thing is we have a president who doesn't read and doesn't probably know how to read well.
And whether he's dyslexic or he just has whatever, like he's just like a willfully ignorant person,
he cannot and does not look at words, but he does look at images.
And I think the only thing that can really fuck him up is the visual stunning images
of a zillion people protesting his every fucking move.
And I think the thing that fucked him off more than anything in the world
was the day after his shitily attended inauguration was that women and a couple honorable,
like honorary dudes got to go out there and filled the streets.
The biggest protest in the country's history.
And he does see pictures because he's a child.
He wouldn't.
So we have to go to every fucking thing.
And Armenians are, you're on the spectrum.
You're logical.
You're like thinking, like we need your, we need you to just,
no one wants you to be different.
No one wants you to be less logical, less analytical, less alienated, less isolated.
I'm just suggesting for a second that that logical, analytical brain,
what's that?
Hear him out.
Why?
Everyone, but that guy is invited.
I'll answer your question a second, sir.
I think I know what your question is.
I will.
Why do we need white people for the Black Lives Matter?
Because Black Lives Matter protests are not suggesting that black lives are the only ones that matter.
Absolutely.
We're sitting here saying we need white people to make this little bit matter.
Because cops love us as the answer.
Yes, but it's also very important as white people assess the value you bring to the table,
some of which is your privilege.
But also don't forget to listen to people who are way more disenfranchised than you.
If you show up to a Black Lives Matter protest as a white person,
fucking listen to the black people when they tell you what to do or to not do.
Yeah, church.
You were saying at the Ferguson thing that you were among the white people at the Ferguson protest
and that you got big respect and lots of love for being there.
Oh, well, I was among many white people who were there joining them in their effort.
And the conversation that I had with a couple of girls as we marched
and were met by police every time we turned a corner
was the fact that they were happy that I was there and to see so many white people turning up to support them.
And not just white people, but, you know, Mexicans coming out and being like,
yeah, like Black Lives Matter.
Because what they need is to not be preaching to the choir
and to not just be yelling amongst themselves was how they communicated it to me.
They're like, we need the community to show that they support this idea
whether they're black themselves or not.
Because he may be voicing like an id part of the brain that's like,
or not to diminish that, but it's like, I want to make sure I understand
to the extent that you're speaking for some part of our brain.
Like, well, what's the point of all this egalitarianism if we're talking about these like,
now we're going to become little fascists and say,
we need more white people here and we need black people here.
Like, we're becoming too racially conscious.
Maybe that's part of what you're responding to is like, wait, I thought you were liberals.
Why are we now talking about people like they're insects and sorting them by race?
Isn't that what we're trying to get away from?
I'm not putting words in your brain, but like, maybe that's like what you're responding to.
White people listen to other white people too.
Like historically they don't listen to black voices.
Exactly.
So like, while you should as a white person be the person in charge,
like be the messenger to your white friends.
Ambassador.
Sure.
But also there's another thing that's like, just even if you don't leave your apartment,
like that analytical brain of yours that fires on the pistons, you know, like, it's really, really easy.
It feels really comfortable.
It's like a foot slipping into a warm hug, like, to fall back on that.
If you're Spock and you're watching what's happening right now,
you're definitely like, if you commit to that Vulcan energy,
you are definitely always going to be like, well, none of this really makes any sense.
It doesn't really make sense to do anything.
Doing stuff will never hold up to logic.
And I think that it's like, all I'm saying is like, I'm not telling you what to do.
I'm telling you that your drunk uncle who has spent like a really criminally long time
like not giving a shit about this stuff is like super alarmed.
And you can chalk that up to like, oh, your drunk uncle's gotten to that age
where you start caring about that shit.
45-year-old people are uncharismatically political.
Like, that's what happens.
I'm 25.
I don't fucking care about Bitcoin.
I don't give a shit about this.
And I don't know that you're wrong.
I will only just tell you that your drunk uncle has decided that this is fucking like we're entering a crossroads.
Like there's forth rike or there's like, like rebirth or probably something in between.
But like, as people keep saying, like, you know, all those fantasies about time traveling
and going back to these points in history and what would you do if you were there?
You were actually in one right now.
And you have never been in one.
I have never been in one.
I'm 44 and I've never, ever, I never did this.
I voted for Ross Perot when I was 18 and thought like, I was like, yeah, fucking stiff the system.
And so I thought, because there was a third party allowed at the debates and I was like, this guy's neat.
And he's like, what do I care about abortion?
If a raccoon don't hunt, who cares if it's pregnant?
And I was like, so, and it's worth noting that that probably makes me a guy
that might have been susceptible to a kind of like weird hacky Trump kind of thing.
Like if I was 23 these days.
But I doubt a lot of those people are in my audience.
But but I at the same time, I think a lot of my listeners are probably like very wisely,
guardingly, like, yeah, but I don't want to be one of these like liberals that like screams and shrieks
and goes like, you know, like, like, like, I hate, you know, like, it's like, it throws your logic triggers.
You got like, that's not that can't be a good result. Like this is all about escalation.
I see that a lot.
All I'm saying is so then what you could do is like, and if we have to coordinate it like through this podcast or something
so that you know, for instance, hey, I'll be there too.
And we'll have donuts and coffee and like, like, like the like, let's let's go to this shit.
I was, yeah, I would say let's put out a whatever we can do to put out that bat signal and say like, like, we live in LA.
Like, let's make sure that the people that live here know that like, if it matters, we're going there.
And also, let's find out like for people that are listening around the country and around the world where they're going to go
and let's all like make a loud noise.
Like Spencer, I want to ask you because you've been very vocal like, like Twitter and stuff like that about like, you're, you know,
you've been very activist like talking myself. Are you a physical activist?
You just like want to go out and do stuff or are you more like, I'm not making a joke.
Like, are you are you someone that would actually get out there and like, no, my flight came home a day early.
So did not make it out.
I'm not making a joke.
Like, are you someone that would take to the streets?
Like, would you get out there and like, I'm for it. Sure.
Yeah, yeah, I say we do.
Certainly there's the one in LA for the tax thing on a was it that's not like April though.
Yeah, no, there was a march today.
Yeah, there was a march is all like, like, like almost every day.
There might be ways to foment, like change rebellion, get the health out of this process.
That has nothing to do with you going and holding up a sign or a clever t-shirt or whatever.
If you're a hacker, don't go to a protest.
Fucking get those tax returns.
Like, stay home.
If you're a fan fiction writer, start one of these rogue government accounts and do like, like, like lie.
And spread propaganda, messaging, figure out ways to whittle away at the heart of the American people.
Like, go like, like, like, go like, yeah, like, what is the angle?
Like, because the frontal assault of the opposition party was like, through these like, kind of like, really brute force misspelled memes and stuff.
It was like, it appeals to some lizard part of our brain.
I don't think we should compete in that playground, but when I see these like, rogue government accounts, like, it occurs to me.
It's like, if this is fake, then this is amazing anti-meme technology because it draws in, like, turning the idea that there's rebellion going on into fan fiction, for instance,
and actually properly punctuating and using good grammar to create the illusion that you're reading a Twitter feed from inside the White House as the rebellion is happening.
It's like, that's like a really important way to use your nerdiness, your whatever.
What are we talking about?
What can we do to help?
You're already doing it.
In the words of Jell-O we offer, don't hate the media, become the media.
Go take photos.
Well, I'm asking from the perspective of an audience that's also being kind of encouraged here.
But, you know, it occurs to me that not everybody in this audience may actually agree with what we're saying.
We don't know a lot of the listeners right now either.
Oh, that's for sure.
But then, call me and we can talk about it.
I want to know what you feel.
If you disagree, I'd love to hear how you feel.
But I do think that, like, whatever that means, not everybody's going to be able to go out and protest or whatever it is, you know, that we're talking about.
You're raising your fingers.
Oh, let's let her talk, baby.
I'm just going to say the groups that you're raising money for the ACLU is the absolute best way to do it.
You're fighting right now legally to shut this down immediately.
And if you don't have the ability to go outside, you have the ability to get to support certain things like the ACLU.
For everybody's birthday or upcoming, like if you're going to buy it, like I said, on Twitter, like Valentine's Day or anybody's upcoming birthday,
instead of getting them some meaningless, like little trinket or whatever like that, just donate any small amount of money to ACLU.
Especially your Redneck family.
I think they average, like, $3 million, $4 million in donations a year.
It's over $20 million, I think, right now.
Like, since like two weeks ago.
So, also start giving money to more other organizations.
Exactly.
Because ACLU is good for them.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, no, you're not doing your matching, that's good, but like also there's like, we got to, you can't just give to one.
I might have choked back.
We kind of like got in on it and then we're like, they just reported that they have $200 billion.
But I think, but also I think the ACLU can use every penny.
Absolutely.
That's not to say we shouldn't be.
But donate like time.
If you don't have money, donate time.
And if you don't have time or money, donate your voice to stuff like that.
If you're a foodie and a chef and you're barely political, you might just be like, I feel bad for hungry people that are protesting at these places.
Like, I think the important thing to know as a person that got dropped privilege dlee and lazily into the middle of a protest and found out it's actually very comfortable and easy.
And now therefore may have the courage to like get up and like put on my fanny pack and like go to one.
It's easier than you think.
It's not a criminal activity.
You don't have to commit to like take me to jail, mace me in the face.
I think the numbers count.
The complexions count for bad reasons, sir.
It's because it's an unfair system, whatever.
It's just a strategy.
It's just more strategy.
Saying like get the more news articles about a bunch of people like showing up and saying this is bullshit.
I think the imagery is going to speak louder because people stopped reading and people don't believe anything that's told to them.
I think pictures of who showed up to which inauguration are undeniable and the fact that a zillion women came out like that.
Like what beats that shit?
Like like nothing beats that and it was all over the world.
Like people did it everywhere.
How about the fucking like 12 people in bitter ass cold Alaska?
That's like hats off to all of them.
Like that picture made me cry.
Like that's heavy fucking hitting.
Like a picture says way more than any tweet or anything like that.
And a bunch of people smiling and the fact that there were no arrests and everybody like I kept stepping on people's toes and they were cool about it.
Like during the women's protest it was it was fucking magical.
Also I'm so sorry to everybody that's listening from Alabama.
Why only all this stuff?
Like I'm always taking shits and it's like I fall for that like red versus blue thing.
And it's like you see these photos.
It's like oh it's Alabama and there's like people's thrusting signs in the air.
It's like fuck Nazis.
You know it's like of course.
You know Dan the way to make it up to them is because it's about the end of the show.
Maybe you do a nice laid back apology to those people.
And you know church if you want to do like the Rihanna hook on it.
Oh my god church is yeah she's also.
Oh my god I forgot about church's other identity.
Yo.
It's about to get so gosh.
Rob Spencer Harry if you want to get in here.
Yo.
It's about time about time for the rhyme about democracy.
Stop hip hop hip hop hip hypocrisy.
From the A to the B to the C to the B to the E of G to the H I J P element of B.
Alphabet Latin.
XYZ.
I'm talking alphabets.
But that's off topic.
Language.
What do you use when you fuck your mama's pussy?
Do you blow her fuse?
Go down to the breaker.
I brought your mama a taker.
I take her into the bedroom.
To the break of dawn.
I fucked your mama to the break of dawn.
Why is it that we fuck to the break of dawn?
Is that a hard out?
Or is it more, are we saying like I'm going to fuck you for a long time?
The more you think about it you start to think like wait are we vampires?
Does your dick stop working as the sun breaks the horizon?
Oh baby sorry thank you for letting me fuck you.
Dawn has broken.
If you don't mind I'm just going to force myself to fucking comment.
My therapist is asking me a question when they're neurologically I'm actually jerking off to the break of dawn at this point.
I'm not even sure if I'm attracted to women.
I'm becoming more of a strange dawn fetishist.
I'm gonna lay your body down.
Like a clown.
My name is MC America.
Don't be hysterical about what's going on.
Just got some Nazis on the front lawn.
Grab your Glock 1719.
Protect your block.
Know what I mean?
Protect your housekeepers.
Protect your Jewish friends.
Your Mexican friends.
Protect them.
The means don't justify the answer.
Build a crawl space if you have the time.
We may be coming up in Anne Frank times.
Not sure if you've grown the protection of innocent people.
Or just against your conditions.
You hear certain words and you react.
And that's fine.
But it's also why the fascist got elected.
You are to blame.
There's blood on your hands no matter whatever you pose.
My name is Auto Tune Johnson.
You'd think I'd be more in tune by now.
Alright.
Yo.
My name is Yo.
Go.
Yo.
I fucked your mama so hard she looked like Nero.
A Roman emperor.
Okay.
I woke up this morning, had some bread.
I got a stomach ache, went back to bed, I took some night quill with night PM.
Yo.
I sat up in bed said, whoa, I had a nightmare.
Went downstairs and I went back upstairs.
Nightmare and upstairs rhymes.
And I went downstairs, went downstairs and had a nightmare on the stairs.
I had a stared nightmare.
I had a night stare.
I went stared at my own stairs.
And I would did it at night and I did it in the day.
I fucked your mama so hard her pussy grew some hay.
Wait.
Okay.
All right.
Here we go.
Wait.
But I want you to really belt it out.
You're being, you're like, but I know you're waiting for me to do a recognizable like
rap verse and then you're going to like fucking belt out like a hook.
Okay.
Here we go.
Yo.
City to city.
Town to town.
I fucked your mama's frown until it was upside down.
She was a smile.
I made her happy.
I fucked your mama so hard the sounds were slappy.
We heard my balls going up against your butt.
I fucked your mama and served her hot nuts in a bowl.
Walnuts too.
I got the almonds.
What you're going to cash you do.
I got the cashew to you.
Got the cashew you got the cashew to do.
That's you.
If not me, then who?
All right.
Sorry.
Oh yeah.
I woke up.
I'm the fourth of July.
I set my countries in trouble and I wonder why I went out in the street and I saw all
of the people.
Why do I always rhyme people?
The only thing is steeple.
That's the only thing you could ever do.
Starting over.
I woke up in a bed.
Then I ate some bread.
But that bread was freedom.
My name is Hal Needham.
Freedom Breads.
Take a church.
Is that white bread?
Thank you for coming to Harmon's Den everybody.
Let's hear it, Cassandra Church.
Harry, the pickle-hitting protester.
Rob Schrobb.
Adam Goldberg.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thank you, Harry.
Harry for sharing his.
Thank you all.
Let's organize.
Let's take down the tangerine tyrants.
And then what?
Last, they take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.